"Even the smallest person can change the course of the future." — J.R.R. Tolkien

"The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper." — W.B. Yeats

"Magic is believing in yourself. If you can do that, you can make anything happen." — Goethe

"Not all those who wander are lost." — J.R.R. Tolkien

"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities." — Dr. Seuss

"If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities." — Maya Angelou

"Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory" — J. R. R. Tolkien

"The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge." — Albert Einstein

"If you don't turn your life into a story, you just become a part of someone else's story." — Terry Pratchett

"Look, Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over." — HAL

"Mathematics is the only true universal language." — Ellie Arroway

"I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings obliteration. I will face my fear, and I will permit it to pass over me and through me." — Lady Jessica Atreides

"Remember, there's no courage without fear." — Master Sergeant Farell

"The only thing I do know is that we have to be kind. Please, be kind. Especially when we don't know what's going on." — Waymond Wang

"Worrying means you suffer twice." — Newt Scamander

"Funny how historic days seem so ordinary when you're living them." — Albus Dumbledore

"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends." — Albus Dumbledore

"Words are, in my not so humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic.
Capable of both inflicting injury and remedying it." — Albus Dumbledore

"All good stories deserve embellishment." — Gandalf

"If more people valued home above gold, this world would be a merrier place." — Thorin Oakenshield

"Sometimes, in order to see the light, you have to risk the dark." — Dr. Iris Hineman

"You are what you do. A man is defined by his actions, not his memory." — Kuato

"Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it." — Lloyd Alexander

"It’s a dangerous business going out of your door. You step into the Road, and if you don’t keep your feet, there is no telling where you might be swept off to." — Frodo Baggins

"Do not meddle in the affairs of Wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger." — Gildor

"It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish." — Samwise Gamgee

"My armour is like tenfold shields, my teeth are swords, my claws spears, the shock of my tail is a thunderbolt, my wings a hurricane, and my breath death!" — Smaug

"The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it." — Diggers

"Ah, the outdoors, I visited that mythical place once." — Shallan

"For me science fiction is a way of thinking, a way of logic that bypasses a lot of nonsense. It allows people to look directly at important subjects." — Gene Roddenberry

"Fantasy is the impossible made probable. Science fiction is the improbable made possible." — Rod Serling

"The earth? Oh the earth will be gone in a few seconds...I'm going to blow it up. It's obstructing my view of Venus." — Marvin the Martian

"Where should we be if nobody tried to find out what lies beyond? Have you never wanted to look beyond the clouds and stars, to know what causes trees to bud and what changes darkness into light? But if you talk like that people call you crazy." — Henry Frankenstein

"Algorithms I trust. Boolean logic I trust. Beautiful women... they just mystify me." — Zane Zaminski

"I've been sliding through an interdimensional wormhole seeing how many ways people like you can screw up civilization!" — Quinn Mallory

"Ghosts are real. So are werewolves, vampires, channeling links, evil clowns that eat people. If it makes you feel any better Bigfoot is a hoax." — Dean

"I've realigned the Penrose Tubes and jettisoned a stream of Einsteinium through the Hawking Converter by reversing the Oppenheimer Effect and propelling us through the Asimov Space Curtain." — Mike London

"Time travelling is like visiting Paris. You can't just read the guide book, you have to eat the food, use the wrong verbs, get charged double by the waiter." — The Doctor

"It is the small things, everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keeps the darkness at bay. Simple acts of love and kindness." — Gandalf

"We’ve all got both light and darkness inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That’s who we really are." — Sirius Black

"I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room." — Ray Bradbury

"Everything's science fiction until someone makes it science fact." — Marie Lu

"Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today, but the core of science fiction, its essence, has become crucial to our salvation, if we are to be saved at all." — Isaac Asimov

"We are an impossibility in an impossible universe." — Ray Bradbury

"Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying." — Arthur Clarke

"Whatever you lose, you'll find it again. But what you throw away you'll never get back." — Shoutarou Kaneda

"If you don’t take risks, you can’t create a future." — Luffy

"The strong should aid and protect the weak. Then, the weak will become strong, and they in turn will aid and protect those weaker than them. That is the law of nature." — Tanjiro Kamado

"Nothing’s perfect, the world’s not perfect, but it’s there for us, trying the best it can. That’s what makes it so damn beautiful." — Roy Mustang

"Sometimes, we have to look beyond what we want and do what’s best." — Piccolo

"All things change in a dynamic environment. Your effort to remain what you are is what limits you." — Puppet Master

"You're gonna care what other people think and be someone you're not your whole life? You’re fine as you are. So, talk in your own words." — Ymir

"When you hit the point of no return, that’s the moment it truly becomes a journey. If you can still turn back, it’s not really a journey." — Hinata Miyake

"If you don't like your destiny, don't accept it. Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be." — Naruto Uzumaki

"The difference between the novice and the master is that the master has failed more times than the novice has tried." — Kakashi Hatake

"Whatever you do, enjoy it to the fullest. That is the secret of life." — Rider

"Mistakes are not shackles that halt one from stepping forward. Rather, they are that which sustain and grow one’s heart." — Mavis Vermillion

"I too will obtain everything that I desire. Not because someone asked me to do it, but because I know in my heart that I have something worth fighting for." — Julis Alexia Van Riessfeld

"Fake people have an image to maintain. Real people just don’t care." — Hachiman Hikigaya

"Reject common sense to make the impossible possible." — Simon

"If you really want to be strong… Stop caring about what your surrounding thinks of you!" — Saitama

"How can you move forward if you keep regretting the past?" — Edward Elric

"Do you always want to live hiding behind the mask you put up for the sake of others? You’re you, and there’s nothing wrong with that." — Ymir

"Don’t live your life making up excuses. The one making your choices is yourself!" — Mugen

"If you only face forward, there is something you will miss seeing." — Vash

"There’s no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again!" — Shintarō Midorima

"Who decides limits? And based on what? You said you worked hard? Well, maybe you need to work a little harder. Is that really the limit of your strength? Could you of tomorrow beat you today? Instead of giving in, move forward." — Saitama

"What is right? What is wrong? In this mixed up world, deciding what is right and wrong is not easy. You can’t just go by somebody else’s rules. If you let yourself be controlled like that, you’ll just become a puppet that can’t make decisions on its own. You have to live by your rules." — Gintoki Sakata

"An excellent leader must be passionate because it’s their duty to keep everyone moving forward." — Nico Yazawa

"The ticket to the future is always open." — Vash

"Moving on doesn’t mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what’s happened and continue living." — Erza Scarlet

"Everything has a beginning and an end. Life is just a cycle of starts and stops. There are ends we don’t desire, but they’re inevitable, we have to face them. It’s what being human is all about." — Jet Black

"Protecting someone means giving them a place to belong. Giving them a place where they can be happy." — Princess Lenessia

"Human strength lies in the ability to change yourself." — Saitama
